## 0.5.0 

Balance Changes

* Refracted Defenses and Refracted Defenses+ can now pull a Gemstone from the draw pile as well as the discard pile.
* Dowsing Assisstance and Dowsing Assisstance+ can now pull a Gemstone from the draw pile as well as the discard pile.

This change was introduced to combat problems where refracted Defenses and/or Dowsing Assisstance could be played without a Gemstone in the discard pile, rendering the secondary effect useless.

* Admonition of Avarice now generates 2 Graze baseline, and exiles 2 Gemstones for 5 Resonance each. Admonition of Avarice+ generates 8 Resonance per exiled Gemstone.

Admonition of Avarice was a card that relied on Gemstones to function. With this change,, it should be more generally useful while providing some support for a more hybrid playstyle.

* Fixed a bug with Scattered Treasure that prevented it from generating Gemstones.
* Scattered Treasure now allows the player to select up to one(or two on upgrade) of the randomly generated Gemstones to add to the hand before putting the rest in the draw pile.

Scattered Treasure was the least useful of all Gemstone generating cards, simply due to how it generated Gemstones. With these changes, I hope that it will be usable.

* Blood Money Cost 2R -> 1R
* Blood Money+ now generates 12 money on an enemy dying.

Blood Money generates less money on average than Glorious Treasure Spear while not providing any offensive utility. As such, I have tweaked both the cost and the amount of money it gives when upgraded in hopes of increasing its power.

* Nazrin, Dowser General Cost 2WR -> 1WR
* Nazrin, Dowser General+ Cost 1WR -> 2W/R

Nazrin's base cost was too high for the effect the card gave. I am open to decreasing the cost to two mana in the future, but for now we will see how the card performs at three mana.

* Pagoda Laser Cost WW -> 1W

Pagoda Laser was one of the more awkward cards for hybrid builds due to its mana cost. This change is experimental.

* Ruby base damage 10 -> 14
* Sapphire base damage 7 -> 10
* Onyx base block 10 -> 13
* Pearl base barrier 6 -> 9
* Emerald base mana PPC -> PPPC

Several gemstones have been buffed due to me not fully taking into account the process of generating Gemstones for use.

* All cards now have art. All new art is made by Radal.

## 0.4.0

Bugfixing+Balance Changes

* Fixed a bug where Byakuren, Enlightened Magician would incorrectly generate block adn reflection using her passive.
* Fixed a bug where the status effect generated by Byakuren, Enlightened Magician's Ultimate ability would trigger zero times each turn.
* Fixed a bug where Focusing Light would generate a number of philosopher's mana equal to its level, rather than one.
* Fixed a bug where Center Soul could glitch if played when Shou does not have Vigor or Harden.
* Fixed a bug with Merchant Call that could softlock the game.
* Gleam of Heaven now generates 2 Graze.
* Gleam of Heaven+ now draws four cards when Vigorous.
* Fixed a bug that would make Want Not check the discard pile for gems to exile even if there were no gems to exile or the fight ended.
* Crimson Tears now generates Rubies into the Discard Pile instead of the Draw Pile.

## 0.3.1

Bugfixing

* Fixed a bug where playing Wonders of Nature with upgraded Gemstones in the play area would softlock the game.
* Primal Power has new art by Radal.

## 0.3.0

Bugfixing and slight balance changes

* Fixed the bug causing Merchant's Call to softlock the game on play.
* Crimson Tears and Crimson Tears+ now only trigger once per turn. Crimson Tears now costs 2W, and Crimson Tears+ now costs W.
* New art for Rainbow Stones and Admonition of Avarice.
* Fixed the art for Protection of the Innocent.
* Fixed a bug preventing status effect icons from properly displaying. THere are still four status effects tied to four cards that do not have effect icons, but they are being worked on.

## 0.2.0

Localization

* Added Japanese localization, courtesy of neff from the LBoL Modding Discord

## 0.1.6

Minor Fixes

* Fixed the status effect localization for Unstable and the effect granted by Byakuren, Enlightened Magician's Ultimate Ability.

## 0.1.5

Minor Fixes

* Fixed an error where Amberblast would not deal damage, and fixed a localization error.
* Added clarifications on all Gemstones to make it clear what Unstable does.
* Added new art for Bounty of the Earth and Merchant Call.
* Added some clarifying text to Time is Money

## 0.1.4

Bug Fixing

* Fixed an error where Gem Wall+ would add an Opal and an Onyx instead of a Ruby and an Onyx.
* Fixed a bug in the localization for Amberblast
* Fixed a bug that would cause Resounding Blow to create a softlock when played while Shou had any Resonance.
* Most Valuable Vajra+ now grants 2 Vigor if a Gemstone is exiled.
* Wonders of Nature now upgrades all Gemstones in the deck on play, and upgrades all added Gemstones in the future.
* Glint and Glint+ now exile on play.

## 0.1.3

More bug fixing

* Heart Sutra Recitation and Divine Protector should work.
* Attempted a fix for Amberblast and merchant Call softlocking the game when played.
* Added a status effect icon for Refracting Light, and fixed the icons for Crimson Tears and Freezing Beauty

## 0.1.2

Bug Fixing:

* One Man's Trash now properly works without softlocking the game.
* Byakuren, Enlightened Magician should now have a text box
* Fixed a small localization error on Stored Wealth
* Gemstones now have a new keyword instead of limited: Unstable X. Localization of this keyword may be slightly borked, but if it works as intended, it will allow Gemstones to be played a limited number of times before being exiled. This is to allow Gemstones to naturally synergize with abilities and cards that trigger an effect when a gemstone is exiled.

## 0.1.1

Gemstone cards should now properly function as cards with limited uses.


## 0.1.0

Initial Release