## Shou Mod

Adds Shou Toramaru as a playable character

## Overview

Shou uses Red and White mana. Her base mana pool consists of three white mana and one red mana, rather than the usual two of each.

There are 74 cards in Shou's card pool

### Main Themes

*Gemstones*: Shou makes heavy use of Gemstones, a set of eight cards generated by specific cards. Gemstones have varying effects, and all have a limited number of uses. Gemstones can also be exiled by certain cards for an extra effect or a boost in power.

*Vigor and Harden*: Shou has access to Vigor, a counterpart to Weak, and Harden, a counterpart to Frail. Vigor scales all outgoing attack damage from the player by 25%, and Harden scales block and barrier generation by 25%. Shou also has access to Resonance, a special status effect that increases the scaling of Vigor and Resonance.

### Known and/or Suspected Bugs

* The Cards Amberblast and Merchant's Call may be capable of softlocking the game when played.

## Additional Notes

Bug reports, card suggestions, balance feedback are appreciated. For feedback, post your suggestions in the modding channel in the LBoL Discord(https://discord.gg/kRute8RG).

As this mod is currently in Beta, do not expect a polished experience. Currently, several cards are missing art, and several status effects unique to Shou do not have unique icons. These will be added in future patches. I am fully open to any feedback, and frequent the discord server linked above. 

* For the list of all the arts used, who the artist is, and where they can be found, check ART.md.
* For a log of all changes, check CHANGELOG.md.

A massive thank you to the LBoL Modding Discord server, without which I never would have made this mod. Specifically, I would like to highlight a few individuals who helped me massively during the creation process:
* Zoisit, whose knowledge of C# was invaluable
* Saevin_7, who playtested Shou consistently and gave invaluable feedback
* rmrfmaxx, who provided an amazing template that allowed me to hit the ground running with creating Shou
* IntoxicatedKid, who helped me with several tricky pieces of code
* cyaneko, for being there to help with coding issues whenever I had problems
* Radal, who provided amazing artwork for many cards and several status effects